all right hello YouTube just got some
new parts for Christmas dance comp and
Albie's BMX stores alright so let's
start over here boxshot guys are
danscomp challenge right there 10 with
my progress or if I got the first of all
time at the ODI longneck grips in pink
they feel really nice pretty bright came
with some black Barnes so but I bought
some watermelon green ODI barring pretty
swollen and out the stolen class ring 25
yeah 25t sprocket nice all right over
here see it's think I got a stem see ya
deckers cut the shadow CFL conspiracies
down it's really like a 52 millimeter
reach it's supposed to be really nice
bars on my slip over here got an odyssey
director box
all right so you got the flag flat black
right here they got the belt in racing
headset they have no dropouts at the
bottom they're actually really like
Forks I'm pretty nice all right um was a
big box right over this one's from how
these be a mess I got some day zip title
allen key on yes sunday see point please
week yeah big gift right here I've got
the sunday funday two frames and
watermelon angry sup that Iran dysart
removable break mode it's got a 21 inch
top tube with a really shorter back in
so it's really good for spending and
stuff but yeah I check out my soon-to-be
vids got a bike check Conan got a new
edit coming so keep in touch but